I want to design a software to help elderlies use computer easily, it should open up automatically on login to the computer, then it should cover the screen (without allowing the user to interact with the computer outside of the software) this to protect elderlies if they're confused or something from opening settings or something like that, it will be easier to limit the options.

In the screen there should be big icons of the previously chosen apps and websites that the user can choose from. Opening them up will open the browser in kiosk mode probably (the point is to eliminate all the unnecessary buttons) although it is important that the close button is available and easy to see. Basically there should be an easy restrictive feature limited interface. Then when pressing esc key there should be a small window allowing with a password to either enter settings window or close the software, the point is allowing the elderlies caregiver or family member to help configure - like what apps are available, the font size, etc but protected with a password so that the elderly won't make any changes accidently.

I want you to help me create the design document, the features, how they work, whatever's needed for a developer to understand exactly what I want. Before you right the design document ask me questions and we'll talk about it, when you feel ready to write the document (when you are sure that you completely understand how I want all the features without filling in anything yourself) then you can write the document.

Ok read the @product_design.txt @detailed_technical_design.txt and help me figure out how can I make the deploymeant of this project? Later I will setup a webpage with download options etc but right now I want to be able to produce an installation file (for mac, windows and linux) that will turn this program into an application that starts automatically on startup (so that if computer is turned off and on it will automatically start this program). how do I do it? 

Read @detailed_technical_design.txt and @product_design.txt , I want to add a license feature. Use of the software should require a license, if no license is found locally then show a enter license window with input (and string example of a license key) then a submit button, an exit button (which will close the Golden Protect software and a get license link that will open a browser window to a link I'll give (for now just use google or something). The point is for the caregiver to purches a license and then set it in the client (in the license input window), then the software should work properly by sending the license to the backend in the background to check if license is valid and used only on that one single machine. before starting to develop did you completely understand? or do you need to ask any question to have a 100% understanding?